this is the explanation to the ripped up
paper trick here's what you do well
first of all you're going to write
anything down in nine different spots
kind of like three rows and three
columns kind of evilly you can use
numbers letters you can use girls names
boys names you can use fruits vegetables
it doesn't matter nine different things
eight of them are in the same category
one of them is in a different category
so I used letter or I use numbers and
one letter when you do this how do you
know which one is the letter in this
case because I use numbers and letters
the one you want the one that's a
different one in this case the letter is
always in the middle always write it in
the middle because here's what happened
when you rip them up in individual
pieces all of them are going to have one
corner that is kind of super straight
not ripped up here it is there that's
the straight one if you look at this one
this one has a straight corner here a
straight corner there the one in the
middle always has rips on all four sides
of it because it's the one in the middle
so it gets ripped on each side so all
you have to do when they're turned over
is you look for the piece that is ripped
on all the sides let's take this one
that one I can see is still straight on
this side so I know that wasn't the
middle one either when they mix them all
up we have someone mix them up all you
do is break them out you don't have to
put them back neatly just spread them
out and what you're doing is you're
looking for the
with rips on all four sides I see it's
right there now I just act a little bit
I just say I wave my hand I'm pretending
maybe I can feel the letter or maybe I
can sense it but really all i did was i
noticed that that wasn't one with the
rips on all four sides so I know that's
that I know that's the one with the
letter once again I'm just goofing off a
little bit let's see if I can sense the
letter I'll bet you it is no up that one
I'll bet you that's it and I turn it
over and say yep I found the one with
the load so that's all you have to do
and if you want what you can do on this
one rather than using like I said
numbers and letters you can use girls
names and boys names you can make eight
girls names and one boy's name and say
I'm going to try to find a boy's name
you can use colors you can put nine
different colors like red white yellow
green all nine colors and then say I'm
going to try and find whichever one you
put in the middle remember the odd one
out the one that doesn't belong is
always put in the middle some other
clever ways maybe juice fruits and
vegetables maybe use a bunch of fruits
and then maybe saying one of them is
broccoli broccoli you right in the
middle and that's the one that you're
going to find all we go for the piece
that has jagged edges all or ripped
edges on all four sides and that's the
easiest way to find it also when you're
ripping the paper up one's going to
younger kids you might want to have mom
and dad help and rip it up because you
kind of want to rip it up evenly you
don't want to have like 25 that and the
rest real big so you kind of want to try
and go directly or decking third okay
you also want to be careful when you're
ripping it up because you want to kind
of go straight in a straight line
younger kids might have a tendency
dad not going to look to go when you
trying to the trigger so you kind of
want to be a little curable if you can't
really do it that way mask mom and dad
to help you rip it in nine different
pieces enjoy